Warning: Don't read it.

The following terms and conditions govern all use of the PAN Secure.com and all content, services and products available at or through the website (taken together, the Website). The Website is owned and operated by PAN Secure. The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by PAN Secure.

Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the web site. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by PAN Secure, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms.

Your Account.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with it. You must not use your account in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and PAN Secure may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause PAN Secure liability. You must immediately notify PAN Secure of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. PAN Secure will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.

Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, PAN Secure has the right (though not the obligation) to, in PAN Secure's sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in PAN Secure's reasonable opinion, violates any PAN Secure policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason, in PAN Secure's sole discretion. PAN Secure will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.

PAN Secure Standard (free edition) is intended for personal, non-commercial use only. The unauthorized commercial use of PAN Secure Standard is prohibited. PAN Secure reserves all its rights in the event of a violation of this policy, which may include suspension of your privileges as a user, and enforcement of PAN Secure's rights under law and equity.

Responsibility of Website Visitors.
PAN Secure has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software that is not cryptographically signed by PAN Secure, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material's content, use or effects. By operating the Website, PAN Secure does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors.

Content Posted on Other Websites.
We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which PAN Secure.com links, and that link to PAN Secure.com. PAN Secure does not have any control over those non-PAN Secure.com websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-PAN Secure.com website or webpage, PAN Secure does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. PAN Secure disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-PAN Secure websites and webpages.

Copyright Infringement
As PAN Secure asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by PAN Secure.com violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify PAN Secure. PAN Secure will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. In the case of a visitor who may infringe or repeatedly infringes the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of PAN Secure or others, PAN Secure may, in its discretion, terminate or deny access to and use of the Website.

Intellectual Property.
This Agreement does not transfer from PAN Secure to you any PAN Secure or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with PAN Secure. PAN Secure, PAN Secure.com, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with PAN Secure.com, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of PAN Secure or PAN Secure's licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any PAN Secure or third-party trademarks.

Changes.
PAN Secure reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. PAN Secure may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Termination.
PAN Secure may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have a Services account, such account can only be terminated by PAN Secure if you materially breach this Agreement and fail to cure such breach within thirty (30) days from PAN Secure's notice to you thereof; provided that, PAN Secure can terminate the Website immediately as part of a general shut down of our service. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

Disclaimer of Warranties.
The Website is provided 'as is'. PAN Secure and its suppliers, licensors and affiliate companies hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither PAN Secure nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.

Limitation of Liability.
In no event will PAN Secure, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement or substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data. PAN Secure shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

General Representation and Warranty.
You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the PAN Secure Privacy Statement, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.

Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless PAN Secure, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to out of your violation this Agreement.

Use of PAN Secure by Kids
PAN Secure can be used by kids, however PAN Secure is not currently developed for children specifically and any use by children should be done with the guidance, supervision and consent of their parents, guardians and/or authorized school officials. It is also the parents' or guardian's responsibility to understand our Terms and our Privacy Policy.
